This file is to normalize the text so that british spellings can be recognized as american english. 
   COLUMN 1: the Americanized spelling of a word (what gets indexed)
   COLUMN 2: the British spelling (what is looked for in the text)
Adapted from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdmitHub/normalize-english/master/data/british.js

Index or Substitute?  SUBSTITUTE
1                     2
======================================================================================================================
accessoriz           accessoris
acclimatiz           acclimatis
accouter             accoutre
eon                  aeon
esthet               aesthet 
etiolog              aetiolog
aging                ageing
aggrandiz            aggrandis
agoniz               agonis
almanac              almanack
aluminum             aluminium
amortiz              amortis
theater              theatre
anem                 anaem
anesthetiz           anaesthetis|anaesthetiz
analog               analogue
analyz               analys
angliciz             anglicis
annualiz             annualis
antagoniz            antagonis
apologiz             apologis
appall               appal
appetiz              appetis
arbor                arbour
ardor                ardour
armor                armour
artifact             artefact
authoriz             authoris
ax                   axe
backpedal            backpedall
banister             bannister
baptiz               baptis
bastardiz            bastardis
balk                 baulk
behavior             behaviour
behoove              behove
bejewel              bejewell
bevel                bevell
bev                  bevv
bias                 biass
binging              bingeing
bougainvillea        bougainvillaea
bowdleriz            bowdleris
breathalyz           breathalys
brutaliz             brutalis
busses               buses
bussing              busing
cesarean             caesarean
caliber              calibre
caliper              calliper
calisthenics         callisthenics
canaliz              canalis
cancel               cancell
candor               candour
cannibaliz           cannibalis
canoniz              canonis 
capitaliz            capitalis
carameliz            caramelis
carboniz             carbonis
carol                caroll
catalog              catalogue
cataloged            catalogued
cataloging           cataloguing
catalyz              catalys
categoriz            categoris
cauteriz             cauteris
cavile               cavill
centraliz            centralis
center               centre
centered             centred
cesium               caesium
channel              channell
characteriz          characteris
check                cheque
checker              chequer
chili                chilli
chimera              chimaera
chisel               chisell
circulariz           circularis
civiliz              civilis
clamor               clamour
clangor              clangour
clarinetist          clarinettist
collectiviz          collectivis
coloniz              colonis
color                colour
commercializ         commercialis
compartmentaliz      compartmentalis
computeriz           computeris
conceptualiz         conceptualis
connection           connexion
contextualiz         contextualis
cozier               cosier
cozies               cosies
cozily               cosily
coziness             cosiness
cozy                 cosy
council              councill
crenel               crenell
criminaliz           criminalis 
criticiz             criticis
cruel                cruell
crystalliz           crystallis
cudgel               cudgell
customiz             customis
cipher               cypher
defens               defenc
demeanor             demeanour
democratiz           democratis
demoniz              demonis
deodoriz             deodoris
deputiz              deputis
dial                 diall
dialog               dialogue
dialogs              dialogues
diarrhea             diarrhoea
digitiz              digitis
disk                 disc
discolor             discolour
disembowel           disembowell
dishevel             dishevell
distil               distill
dramatiz             dramatis
draft                draught
drivel               drivell
duel                 duell
economiz             economis
edema                edoema 
editorializ          editorialis
empathiz             empathis
emphasiz             emphasis
enamel               enamell
enamor               enamour
encyclopedi          encyclopaedi
endeavor             endeavour
energiz              energis
enroll               enrol
enthrall             enthral
epaulet              epaulett
epilog               epilogue
epilogs              epilogues
epitomiz             epitomis
equaliz              equalis
eulogiz              eulogis
evangeliz            evangelis
exorciz              exorcis
extemporiz           extemporis
externaliz           externalis
factoriz             factoris
fece                 faece
familiariz           familiaris
fantasiz             fantasis
favor                favour
feminiz              feminis
fertiliz             fertilis
fervor               fervour
fiber                fibre
fictionaliz          fictionalis
filet                fillet
finaliz              finalis
flutist              flautist
flavor               flavour
fetal                foetal
fetid                foetid
fetus                foetus
formaliz             formalis
fossiliz             fossilis
fraterniz            fraternis
fuel                 fuell
fulfill              fulfil
funnel               funnell
galvaniz             galvanis
gambol               gamboll
jail                 gaol
gasses               gases
gage                 gauge
gaging               gauging
generaliz            generalis
ghettoize            ghettoise
gyps                 gips
glamoriz             glamoris
glamor               glamour
globaliz             globalis
gluing               glueing 
goiter               goitre
gonorrhea            gonorrhoea
gram                 gramme
gravel               gravell
gray                 grey
grovel               grovell
groin                groyne
gruel                gruell
griffin              gryphon
gyne                 gynae
hem                  haem
harbor               harbour
harmoniz             harmonis
homeo                homoeo
homogeniz            homogenis
honor                honour
hospitaliz           hospitalis
humaniz              humanis
humor                humour
hybridiz             hybridis
hypnotiz             hypnotis
hypothesize          hypothesise
hypothesizi          hypothesisi
idealiz              idealis
idoliz               idolis
immobiliz            immobilis
immortaliz           immortalis
immuniz              immunis
impanel              impanell
imperil              imperilled
individualiz         individualis
industrializ         industrialis
inflection           inflexion
initial              initiall
install              instal([^Ll])
instill              instil([^Ll])
institutionaliz      institutionalis
intellectualiz       intellectualis
internaliz           internalis
internationaliz      internationalis
ioniz                ionis
italiciz             italicis
itemiz               itemis
jeopardiz            jeopardis
jewel                jewell
label                labell
labor                labour
legaliz              legalis
legitimiz            legitimis
leukemia             leukaemia
level                levell
libel                libell
liberaliz            liberalis 
licens               licenc
lioniz               lionis
liquidiz             liquidis
liter                litre
localiz              localis
louver               louvre
luster               lustre
magnetiz             magnetis
maneuver             manoeuvr
maneuver             manoeuvre
maneuvered           manoeuvred
marginaliz           marginalis
marshal              marshall
marvel               marvell
materializ           materialis
maximiz              maximis
meager               meagre
mechaniz             mechanis
medieval             mediaeval
memorializ           memorialis
memoriz              memoris
mesmeriz             mesmeris
metaboliz            metabolis
meter                metre
militariz            militaris
miniaturiz           miniaturis
minimiz              minimis
miter                mitre
mobiliz              mobilis
model                modell
moderniz             modernis
moisturiz            moisturis
monolog              monologue
monopoliz            monopolis
moraliz              moralis
motoriz              motoris
mold                 mould
molt                 moult
mustach              moustach
nationaliz           nationalis
naturaliz            naturalis
neighbor             neighbour
neutraliz            neutralis
normaliz             normalis
odor                 odour
esophagus            oesophagus
estrogen             oestrogen
offens               offenc
optimiz              optimis
organiz              organis
orthopedic           orthopaedic
ostraciz             ostracis
oxidiz               oxidis
pederast             paederast
pediatri             paediatri
pedophil             paedophil
paleo                palaeo
panel                panell
paralyz              paralys
parcel               parcell
parlor               parlour
particulariz         particularis
passiviz             passivis
pasteuriz            pasteuris
patroniz             patronis
pedal                pedall
pedestrianiz         pedestrianis
penaliz              penalis
pencil               pencill
personaliz           personalis
pharmacopeia         pharmacopoeia
philosophiz          philosophis
filter               philtre
plagiariz            plagiaris
plow                 plough
polariz              polaris
politiciz            politicis
populariz            popularis
pouf                 pouffe
practic              practis
presidium            praesidium
pressuriz            pressuris
pretens              pretenc
primeval             primaeval
prioritiz            prioritis
privatiz             privatis
professionaliz       professionalis
program              programme
prolog               prologue
propagandiz          propagandis
proselytiz           proselytis
psychoanalyz         psychoanalys
publiciz             publicis
pulveriz             pulveris
pummel               pummell
pajama               pyjama
pizzazz              pzazz
quarrel              quarrell
radicaliz            radicalis
rancor               rancour
randomiz             randomis
rationaliz           rationalis
ravel                ravell
realiz               realis
recogniz             recognis
reconnoiter          reconnoitre
regulariz            regularis
revel                revell
revitaliz            revitalis
revolutioniz         revolutionis
rhapsodiz            rhapsodis
rigor                rigour
ritualiz             ritualis
rival                rivall
romanticiz           romanticis
rumor                rumour
saber                sabre
saltpeter            saltpetre
sanitiz              sanitis
satiriz              satiris
savior               saviour
savor                savour
scandaliz            scandalis
skeptic              sceptic
scepter              sceptre
scrutiniz            scrutinis
seculariz            secularis
sensationaliz        sensationalis
sensitiz             sensitis
sentimentaliz        sentimentalis
sepulcher            sepulchre
serializ             serialis
sermoniz             sermonis
shovel               shovell
shrivel              shrivell
signaliz             signalis
signal               signall
smolder              smoulder
snivel               snivell
snorkel              snorkell
snowplow             snowplough
socializ             socialis
sodomiz              sodomis
solemniz             solemnis
somber               sombre
specializ            specialis
specter              spectre
spiral               spirall
splendor             splendour
squirrel             squirrell
stabiliz             stabilis
standardiz           standardis
stencil              stencill
steriliz             sterilis
stigmatiz            stigmatis
story                storey
stories              storeys
subsidiz             subsidis
succor               succour
sulfate              sulphate
sulfide              sulphide
sulfur               sulphur
summariz             summaris
swivel               swivell
symboliz             symbolis
sympathiz            sympathis
synchroniz           synchronis
synthesiz            synthesis
siphon               syphon
systematiz           systematis
tantaliz             tantalis
tassel               tassell
temporiz             temporis
tenderiz             tenderis
terroriz             terroris
theater              theatre
theoriz              theoris
ton                  tonne
towel                towell
toxemia              toxaemia
trammel              trammell
tranquil             tranquill
transistoriz         transistoris
traumatiz            traumatis
travel               travell
travelog             travelogue
trial                triall
trivializ            trivialis
tumor                tumour
tunnel               tunnell
tyranniz             tyrannis
tire                 tyre
unequal              unequall
unioniz              unionis
urbaniz              urbanis
utiliz               utilis
valor                valour
vandaliz             vandalis
vaporiz              vaporis
vapor                vapour
verbaliz             verbalis
victimiz             victimis
vigor                vigour
visualiz             visualis
vocaliz              vocalis
vulcaniz             vulcanis
vulgariz             vulgaris
wagon                waggon
weasel               weasell
westerniz            westernis
womaniz              womanis
wool                 wooll
yodel                yodell
yogurt               yoghourt|yoghurt
