adapted from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdmitHub/normalize-english/master/data/contractions.js
COLUMN 1: the full word replacement, COLUMN 2: the contraction that is to be substituted with the word/s in column 1
1                             2
=========================================================
can_not                       cant                     
do_not                        dont                     
amongst                       mongst                   
beneath                       neath                    
enough                        nuff                     
around                        round                    
until                         til                      
it_is                         tis                      
it_was                        twas                     
is_not                        aint                     
although_it_is                albeit                   
anyone_will                   anyonell                 
are_not                       arent                    
can_not                       cant                     
could_have                    couldve                  
could_not                     couldnt                  
did_not                       didnt                    
does_not                      doesnt                   
doing                         doin                     
do_not                        dont                     
everybody_is                  everybodys               
everything_is                 everythings              
government                    govt                     
had_not                       hadnt                    
has_not                       hasnt                    
have_not                      havent                   
he_would                      he\'d                    
he_will                       he\'ll                   
he_is                         he\'s                    
here_is                       heres                    
how_did                       howd                     
how_are                       howre                    
how_is                        hows                     
how_have                      howve                    
how_is                        hows                     
i_will                        i\'ll                    
i_am                          i\'m                     
i_have                        i\'ve                    
international                 intl                     
is_not                        isnt                     
it_would                      it\'d                    
it_will                       itll                     
it_is                         it\'s                    
let_us                        lets                     
little                        lil                      
might_have                    mightve                  
must_have                     mustve                   
need_not                      neednt                   
nobody_is                     nobodys                  
nothing_is                    nothings                 
she_would                     she\'d                   
she_will                      she\'ll                  
she_is                        she\'s                   
should_have                   shouldve                 
should_not                    shouldnt                 
somebody_is                   somebodys                
someone_is                    someones                 
something_is                  somethings               
that_would                    thatd                    
that_will                     thatll                   
that_is                       thats                    
there_would                   thered                   
there_will                    therell                  
there_is                      theres                   
they_would                    theyd                    
they_will                     theyll                   
they_are                      theyre                   
they_have                     theyve                   
was_not                       wasnt                    
we_would                      we\'d                    
we_will                       we\'ll                   
we_are                        we\'re                   
we_have                       weve                     
were+not                      werent                   
what_did                      whatd                    
what_will                     whatll                   
what_are                      whatre                   
what_have                     whatve                   
what_is                       whats                    
when_is                       whens                    
where_did                     whered                   
where_is                      wheres                   
who_would                     whod                     
who_will                      wholl                    
who_are                       who\'re                  
who_is                        whos                     
who_have                      whove                    
will_not                      wont                     
would_not                     wouldnt                  
you_all                       yall                     
you_would                     youd                     
you_will                      youll                    
you_are                       youre                    
you_have                      youve                    
