Comments:  commonly  misspelled  words,  taken  from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdmitHub/normalize-english/master/data/spellfix.js
COLUMN 1:  the correct spelling; COLUMN 2: misspelled word
1                             2
=============================================
additionally                  additinally                   
additionally                  aditionally                   
celcius                       celcious                      
abandon                       abanden                       
abandoned                     abandonned                    
aberration                    abberation                    
about                         abbout                        
abbreviation                  abbriviation                  
aberration                    aberation                     
abilities                     abilties                      
abysmal                       abizmal                       
abortifacient                 abortificant                  
actually                      accually                      
actually                      actualyl                      
actually                      acutally                      
actually                      actualy                       
abbreviation                  abreviation                   
arbitrary                     abritrary                     
abbreviate                    abriviate                     
absence                       abscence                      
abscond                       abscound                      
absence                       absense                       
absorption                    absorbsion                    
absorption                    absorbtion                    
absolve                       absove                        
abundances                    abundacies                    
abundances                    abundancies                   
abundance                     abundence                     
abundant                      abundent                      
abundant                      abundunt                      
abuts                         abutts                        
academy                       acadamy                       
academic                      acadmic                       
academy                       acatemy                       
academy                       accademy                      
accelerate                    accellerate                   
accelerating                  accellerating                 
acceleration                  accelleration                 
acceptance                    acceptence                    
acceptable                    acceptible                    
acceptably                    acceptibly                    
accessible                    accesabel                     
accessible                    accesabele                    
accessible                    accesable                     
accessible                    accesibel                     
accessible                    accesibele                    
accessible                    accesible                     
accessories                   accesories                    
accessory                     accesory                      
accessible                    accessabel                    
accessible                    accessabele                   
accessible                    accessable                    
accessible                    accessibel                    
accessible                    accessibele                   
accident                      accidant                      
accidentally                  accidentaly                   
acclimatization               acclimitization               
accommodate                   accomadate                    
accommodated                  accomadated                   
accommodates                  accomadates                   
accommodation                 accomadatin                   
accommodating                 accomadating                  
accommodations                accomadatins                  
accommodation                 accomadation                  
accommodations                accomadations                 
accommodation                 accomadtion                   
accommodations                accomadtions                  
accompany                     accomany                      
accompanying                  accomanying                   
accommodate                   accomidate                    
accommodated                  accomidated                   
accommodates                  accomidates                   
accommodating                 accomidating                  
accommodation                 accomidation                  
accommodations                accomidations                 
accommodate                   accommadate                   
accommodated                  accommadated                  
accommodates                  accommadates                  
accommodation                 accommadatin                  
accommodating                 accommadating                 
accommodations                accommadatins                 
accommodation                 accommadation                 
accommodations                accommadations                
accommodation                 accommadtion                  
accommodations                accommadtions                 
accommodate                   accommidate                   
accommodated                  accommidated                  
accommodates                  accommidates                  
accommodating                 accommidating                 
accommodation                 accommidation                 
accommodations                accommidations                
accommodation                 accommodatin                  
accommodations                accommodatins                 
accommodation                 accommodtion                  
accommodations                accommodtions                 
accommodate                   accomodate                    
accommodated                  accomodated                   
accommodates                  accomodates                   
accommodation                 accomodatin                   
accommodating                 accomodating                  
accommodations                accomodatins                  
accommodation                 accomodation                  
accommodations                accomodations                 
accommodation                 accomodtion                   
accommodations                accomodtions                  
accompanied                   accompanyed                   
accomplish                    accompish                     
accomplished                  accompished                   
accomplishes                  accompishes                   
accordion                     accordeon                     
accordion                     accordian                     
accordionists                 accordianists                 
according                     accoring                      
acoustic                      accoustic                     
acoustically                  accoustically                 
accused                       accussed                      
academic                      acedemic                      
accessible                    acesabel                      
accessible                    acesabele                     
accessible                    acesable                      
accessible                    acesibel                      
accessible                    acesibele                     
accessible                    acesible                      
access                        acess                         
accessible                    acessabel                     
accessible                    acessabele                    
accessible                    acessable                     
accessible                    acessibel                     
accessible                    acessibele                    
accessible                    acessible                     
accessories                   acessories                    
accessory                     acessory                      
achieve                       acheeve                       
achieve                       acheive                       
achieved                      acheived                      
achievement                   acheivement                   
achievements                  acheivements                  
achieves                      acheives                      
achieving                     acheiving                     
achievement                   acheivment                    
achievements                  acheivments                   
achievement                   achievment                    
achievements                  achievments                   
acknowledgment                acknowledgement               
accommodate                   acomadate                     
accommodated                  acomadated                    
accommodates                  acomadates                    
accommodation                 acomadatin                    
accommodating                 acomadating                   
accommodations                acomadatins                   
accommodation                 acomadation                   
accommodations                acomadations                  
accommodation                 acomadtion                    
accommodations                acomadtions                   
accommodate                   acomidate                     
accommodated                  acomidated                    
accommodates                  acomidates                    
accommodating                 acomidating                   
accommodation                 acomidation                   
accommodations                acomidations                  
accommodate                   acommadate                    
accommodated                  acommadated                   
accommodates                  acommadates                   
accommodation                 acommadatin                   
accommodating                 acommadating                  
accommodations                acommadatins                  
accommodation                 acommadation                  
accommodations                acommadations                 
accommodation                 acommadtion                   
accommodations                acommadtions                  
accommodate                   acommidate                    
accommodated                  acommidated                   
accommodates                  acommidates                   
accommodating                 acommidating                  
accommodation                 acommidation                  
accommodations                acommidations                 
accommodate                   acommodate                    
accommodated                  acommodated                   
accommodates                  acommodates                   
accommodation                 acommodatin                   
accommodating                 acommodating                  
accommodations                acommodatins                  
accommodation                 acommodation                  
accommodations                acommodations                 
accommodation                 acommodtion                   
accommodations                acommodtions                  
accommodate                   acomodate                     
accommodated                  acomodated                    
accommodates                  acomodates                    
accommodation                 acomodatin                    
accommodating                 acomodating                   
accommodations                acomodatins                   
accommodation                 acomodation                   
accommodations                acomodations                  
accommodation                 acomodtion                    
accommodations                acomodtions                   
accomplish                    acomplish                     
accomplished                  acomplished                   
accomplishment                acomplishment                 
accomplishments               acomplishments                
acoustic                      acoostic                      
according                     acording                      
accordingly                   acordingly                    
acquaintance                  acquaintence                  
acquaintances                 acquaintences                 
aqueous                       acqueus                       
acquaintance                  acquiantence                  
acquaintances                 acquiantences                 
acquiesce                     acquiess                      
across                        acros                         
across                        acrost                        
activities                    activites                     
activities                    activitties                   
accuracy                      acuracy                       
accustom                      acustom                       
accustomed                    acustommed                    
adamant                       adament                       
adaptations                   adaptions                     
adequate                      adaquit                       
additional                    additinal                     
admission                     addmission                    
adopt                         addopt                        
adopted                       addopted                      
adoptive                      addoptive                     
address                       addres                        
addressable                   addresable                    
addressing                    addresing                     
addition                      addtion                       
additional                    addtional                     
adequate                      adecuate                      
adequate                      adequit                       
adequate                      adequite                      
adhering                      adhearing                     
adhesive                      adheasive                     
addition                      adition                       
additional                    aditional                     
adjacency                     adjacancy                     
adjacent                      adjacant                      
agitate                       adjatate                      
adjective                     adjative                      
amendment                     admendment                    
administration                administartion                
administrate                  adminstrate                   
administration                adminstration                 
administrative                adminstrative                 
administrator                 adminstrator                  
admissibility                 admissability                 
admissible                    admissable                    
acquire                       adquire                       
acquired                      adquired                      
acquires                      adquires                      
acquiring                     adquiring                     
address                       adres                         
addressable                   adresable                     
addressing                    adresing                      
address                       adress                        
addressable                   adressable                    
advantage                     advanage                      
advantageous                  advanatagous                  
advantageous                  advantagous                   
adventurous                   adventourous                  
advised                       adviced                       
aerial                        aeriel                        
aerials                       aeriels                       
affect                        afect                         
affected                      afected                       
affecting                     afecting                      
affiliate                     affilate                      
afflict                       affilict                      
afflicted                     affilicted                    
affiliate                     affilliate                    
affiliated                    affilliated                   
affiliates                    affilliates                   
afraid                        affraid                       
affiliate                     afiliate                      
affiliated                    afiliated                     
affiliates                    afiliates                     
affiliate                     afilliate                     
affiliated                    afilliated                    
affiliates                    afilliates                    
afterwards                    afterwords                    
against                       agains                        
against                       aggenst                       
agreement                     aggreement                    
egregious                     aggregious                    
aggressive                    aggresive                     
aggressively                  aggresively                   
aggravate                     aggrivate                     
again                         agian                         
against                       agin                          
aggravate                     agravate                      
agree                         agre                          
agreed                        agred                         
agreement                     agreemnet                     
agreements                    agreemnets                    
aggregate                     agregate                      
aggregates                    agregates                     
agreeing                      agreing                       
agreement                     agremeent                     
agreements                    agremeents                    
aggression                    agression                     
aggressive                    agressive                     
aggressively                  agressively                   
aggrieved                     agrieved                      
adjacent                      ajacant                       
adjacent                      ajacent                       
adjective                     ajative                       
adjoin                        ajoin                         
adjoined                      ajoined                       
adjoining                     ajoining                      
adjustment                    ajustment                     
albeit                        albiet                        
allege                        aledge                        
alleged                       aledged                       
alleges                       aledges                       
allegiance                    alegance                      
allege                        alege                         
alleged                       aleged                        
allegiance                    alegience                     
algorithm                     algoritm                      
algorithms                    algoritms                     
align                         aline                         
allegory                      allagory                      
alliance                      allaince                      
allege                        alledge                       
alleged                       alledged                      
alleges                       alledges                      
allegiance                    allegence                     
allegiance                    allegience                    
align                         allign                        
aligned                       alligned                      
alleviate                     alliviate                     
along                         allong                        
allowance                     allowence                     
all                           allright                      
although                      allthough                     
always                        allwasy                       
always                        allways                       
always                        allwyas                       
allotted                      alotted                       
always                        alway                         
ameliorate                    amealearate                   
amendment                     amendmant                     
makes                         amkes                         
making                        amking                        
amount                        ammount                       
among                         amung                         
amongst                       amungst                       
analogous                     analagous                     
analytic                      analitic                      
analyze                       analize                       
analogous                     analogeous                    
analyst                       analyist                      
analyze                       analyse                       
ancillary                     ancilliary                    
annealing                     aneeling                      
annoyance                     annoyence                     
annulled                      annuled                       
anomalies                     anomolies                     
anomalous                     anomolous                     
anomaly                       anomoly                       
anonymity                     anonimity                     
another                       anothe                        
announced                     anounced                      
annoyed                       anoyed                        
antarctic                     antartic                      
antarctica                    antartica                     
antecedent                    antecedant                    
annual                        anual                         
anywhere                      anyhwere                      
anything                      anythign                      
anything                      anytying                      
apparent                      aparent                       
aphelion                      apihelion                     
application                   aplication                    
apparent                      apparant                      
apparently                    apparantly                    
apparent                      apparrent                     
apart                         appart                        
appearance                    appearence                    
appearances                   appearences                   
appearance                    apperance                     
appearances                   apperances                    
application                   applicaiton                   
applications                  applicaitons                  
applied                       applyed                       
approaches                    approachs                     
appropriate                   appropiate                    
appropriate                   approrpiate                   
appropriate                   approrpriate                  
approximately                 approximitely                 
approx                        aprox                         
approximate                   aproximate                    
approximately                 aproximately                  
approximately                 aproximatly                   
acquaintance                  aquaintance                   
acquainted                    aquainted                     
aqueous                       aqueus                        
acquaintance                  aquiantance                   
acquiesce                     aquiess                       
acquire                       aquire                        
acquired                      aquired                       
acquiring                     aquiring                      
acquisition                   aquisition                    
acquisitions                  aquisitions                   
arranged                      aranged                       
arrangement                   arangement                    
arrangements                  arangements                   
arbitrarily                   arbitarily                    
arbitrary                     arbitary                      
across                        arcoss                        
arguably                      argubly                       
arguably                      argueably                     
arguably                      arguebly                      
argument                      arguement                     
arguments                     arguements                    
arrive                        arive                         
arrived                       arived                        
around                        arond                         
around                        aroudn                        
arrangement                   arrangment                    
around                        arround                       
article                       artical                       
article                       artice                        
article                       articel                       
artificial                    artifical                     
artificially                  artifically                   
artificial                    artificila                    
artillery                     artillary                     
around                        aruond                        
advertising                   asdvertising                  
ascend                        asend                         
ascended                      asended                       
ascending                     asending                      
assign                        asign                         
associate                     asociate                      
associated                    asociated                     
association                   asociation                    
associations                  asociations                   
absorbed                      asorbed                       
associate                     asosciate                     
associated                    asosciated                    
association                   asosciation                   
associations                  asosciations                  
associate                     asosiate                      
associated                    asosiated                     
association                   asosiation                    
associations                  asosiations                   
aspirations                   asperations                   
assimilate                    assemalate                    
assemble                      assemple                      
assertion                     assertation                   
aside                         asside                        
asymptote                     assimtote                     
assistance                    assisstance                   
assistant                     assistent                     
assistant                     assitant                      
association                   assocation                    
associate                     assoicate                     
associated                    assoicated                    
associates                    assoicates                    
associate                     assosciate                    
associated                    assosciated                   
association                   assosciation                  
associations                  assosciations                 
associate                     assosiate                     
associated                    assosiated                    
association                   assosiation                   
associations                  assosiations                  
asymmetric                    assymetric                    
asterisk                      asterix                       
aesthetic                     asthetic                      
aesthetics                    asthetics                     
asterisk                      astrix                        
asteroid                      astroid                       
assume                        asume                         
asymptotic                    asumtotic                     
attention                     atention                      
atmosphere                    athmosphere                   
atmosphere                    atomsphere                    
attractions                   atractions                    
attribute                     atribute                      
attributed                    atributed                     
attributes                    atributes                     
attach                        attatch                       
attempt                       attemp                        
attempt                       attemt                        
attempted                     attemted                      
attempting                    attemting                     
attempts                      attemts                       
attendance                    attendence                    
attendant                     attendent                     
attendants                    attendents                    
attend                        attened                       
attended                      attented                      
attending                     attenting                     
attention                     attentioin                    
automatically                 automaticly                   
available                     availabe                      
available                     availalbe                     
available                     availble                      
available                     availiable                    
available                     availible                     
available                     avalable                      
avalanche                     avalance                      
available                     avaliable                     
available                     avalible                      
became                        bacame                        
back                          bakc                          
bandwidth                     bandwith                      
bureaucratic                  beauracratic                  
bureaucracy                   beaurocracy                   
because                       becuz                         
beginning                     begginings                    
behavior                      behavoir                      
behavior                      behavour                      
behemoth                      behemouth                     
beleaguered                   beleagured                    
believed                      beleived                      
believes                      beleives                      
believable                    believeable                   
beyond                        belond                        
beneficial                    benefical                     
beneficiary                   beneficary                    
benefiting                    benefitting                   
beneficial                    benificial                    
benefit                       benifit                       
benefits                      benifits                      
bernoulli                     bernouilli                    
besieged                      beseiged                      
begin                         biggin                        
beginner                      bigginer                      
beginning                     biggining                     
beginning                     bigginning                    
beginner                      biginer                       
bilaterally                   bilateraly                    
billion                       bilion                        
billions                      bilions                       
binomial                      binominal                     
bit                           bited                         
blame                         blaim                         
blamed                        blaimed                       
boundaries                    boundarys                     
boundaries                    boundrys                      
buoyancy                      bouyancy                      
boxes                         boxs                          
bridges                       brigdes                       
britain                       britian                       
britain                       brittain                      
broadly                       broady                        
built                         builded                       
calculated                    caluclated                    
calculated                    calulated                     
cambridge                     cambrige                      
candidate                     canidate                      
canonical                     cannonical                    
connotation                   cannotation                   
connotations                  cannotations                  
capability                    caperbility                   
capitalize                    captialize                    
characteristic                caracteristic                 
characteristics               caracteristics                
cartridge                     cartrige                      
cassette                      casette                       
cassette                      cassete                       
chasm                         cassim                        
cast                          casted                        
casualties                    casulaties                    
casualty                      casulaty                      
cataclysm                     cataclism                     
categories                    catagories                    
catastrophe                   catastrofy                    
celsius                       celcius                       
census                        cencus                        
circumstance                  cercomstance                  
certainty                     certainity                    
challenging                   chalanging                    
challenging                   chalenging                    
challenged                    challanged                    
challenger                    challanger                    
challenging                   challanging                   
changes                       chanegs                       
changeable                    changable                     
changing                      changeing                     
changing                      changng                       
characterized                 charaterized                  
character                     charector                     
characteristics               charistics                    
czechoslovakia                checkoslovakia                
chemically                    chemicaly                     
choice                        choise                        
choosing                      chosing                       
cincinnati                    cincinatti                    
cincinnati                    cincinnatti                   
clad                          cladded                       
clad                          claded                        
clearer                       claerer                       
claims                        claimes                       
clearance                     clearence                     
coalesce                      coaless                       
coalescence                   coalessense                   
coerce                        coerse                        
coercion                      coersion                      
cognizant                     cogniscent                    
coincide                      coinside                      
coincidence                   coinsidence                   
collaboration                 colaboration                  
collapsing                    colapsing                     
collateral                    colateral                     
colleague                     coleeg                        
combination                   combintation                  
comparison                    compairison                   
comparison                    comparision                   
comparative                   comparitive                   
comparatively                 comparitively                 
compatibilities               compatabilities               
compatibility                 compatability                 
compatible                    compatable                    
compatibilities               compatablities                
compatibility                 compatablity                  
compatibilities               compatiblities                
compatibility                 compatiblity                  
compete                       compeat                       
competing                     compeeting                    
competence                    competance                    
competitively                 competively                   
comprehensive                 comphrehensive                
complicated                   complcated                    
complexion                    complextion                   
compiler                      complier                      
composite                     composate                     
compressive                   compresive                    
computer                      computre                      
concatenate                   concatinate                   
consecutive                   concecutive                   
consensus                     concensus                     
conscious                     conceous                      
conscious                     conchus                       
coincide                      concide                       
considered                    concidered                    
conscience                    concience                     
conference                    conferance                    
confidential                  confidental                   
confirmation                  confirmmation                 
conference                    confrence                     
confused                      confsued                      
connection                    connexion                     
connoisseur                   conosuer                      
connotation                   conotation                    
conqueror                     conquerer                     
conquerors                    conquerers                    
considered                    consdidered                   
conceit                       conseat                       
concentrated                  consentrated                  
concept                       consept                       
conservative                  conservitive                  
concession                    consession                    
concessions                   consessions                   
conceivable                   consevible                    
considered                    considerd                     
considerate                   considerit                    
consistency                   consistancy                   
constituencies                consituencies                 
constituency                  consituency                   
constitution                  consitution                   
constitutional                consitutional                 
consolidate                   consolodate                   
consolidated                  consolodated                  
consortium                    consorcium                    
constraints                   constaints                    
constant                      constatn                      
contains                      containes                     
continuous                    continous                     
continuously                  continously                   
continuing                    continueing                   
continuum                     continuem                     
contractor                    contracter                    
controversial                 contravercial                 
controversy                   contraversy                   
contributor                   contributer                   
contributors                  contributers                  
controversy                   controvercy                   
controversies                 controveries                  
controversy                   controvery                    
convince                      convense                      
conventional                  convential                    
conversion                    convertion                    
converters                    convertors                    
conventional                  convetional                   
conveniently                  conviently                    
conversation                  convo                         
corrugated                    coregated                     
corrosion                     corosion                      
corporate                     corparate                     
corporate                     corperate                     
corporation                   corperation                   
corporations                  corproations                  
corresponding                 correponding                  
corresponding                 correposding                  
correspondent                 correspondant                 
correspondents                correspondants                
correspond                    corrispond                    
correspondent                 corrispondant                 
correspondents                corrispondants                
corresponded                  corrisponded                  
corresponding                 corrisponding                 
corresponds                   corrisponds                   
corruptible                   corruptable                   
could                         coud                          
could                         coudl                         
caught                        cought                        
counseling                    counceling                    
counseling                    councelling                   
criterion                     critereon                     
critics                       criticists                    
chronological                 cronological                  
culminating                   culiminating                  
cumulative                    cumulatative                  
currently                     currenly                      
cut                           cutted                        
debris                        dabree                        
debut                         dabue                         
dealt                         dealed                        
details                       deatils                       
debatable                     debateable                    
descend                       decend                        
descendants                   decendants                    
descended                     decended                      
descendant                    decendent                     
descendants                   decendents                    
descending                    decending                     
descends                      decends                       
decidable                     decideable                    
decidedly                     decidely                      
deceived                      decieved                      
decision                      decison                       
decisions                     decisons                      
decision                      decission                     
decompose                     decomposit                    
decomposed                    decomposited                  
decomposing                   decompositing                 
decomposes                    decomposits                   
described                     decribed                      
describes                     decribes                      
describing                    decribing                     
depot                         deepo                         
deficit                       defecit                       
defendant                     defendent                     
defiance                      definance                     
definable                     defineable                    
definite                      definit                       
deficient                     defishant                     
degrees                       degress                       
dilapidated                   delapidated                   
declared                      delcared                      
delineation                   delienation                   
delimiter                     delimeter                     
dilemma                       delimma                       
deluxe                        delux                         
demarcation                   demarkation                   
demeanor                      demenor                       
demographic                   demographical                 
dependency                    dependancy                    
dependent                     dependant                     
derived                       derivated                     
derived                       deriviated                    
derivative                    deriviative                   
derogatory                    derogitory                    
derogative                    derrogative                   
dearth                        derth                         
decision                      descision                     
decisions                     descisions                    
designed                      desgined                      
decision                      desicion                      
decisions                     desicions                     
decided                       desided                       
disintegrated                 desintegrated                 
disintegration                desintegration                
decision                      desision                      
decisions                     desisions                     
dissolve                      desolve                       
designed                      dessigned                     
detachment                    detatchment                   
determining                   determinining                 
detrimental                   detremental                   
detour                        detur                         
deterrence                    deturance                     
germany                       deutschland                   
devastating                   devasting                     
developers                    develeoprs                    
developed                     develloped                    
developer                     develloper                    
developers                    devellopers                   
developing                    develloping                   
development                   devellopment                  
developments                  devellopments                 
develop                       devellops                     
development                   developement                  
developments                  developements                 
development                   developemet                   
developer                     developor                     
developers                    developors                    
developed                     developped                    
development                   develpment                    
devastating                   devestating                   
divide                        devide                        
divided                       devided                       
devastated                    devistated                    
devastating                   devistating                   
devastation                   devistation                   
development                   devolopement                  
disaster                      diaster                       
decision                      dicision                      
dichotomy                     dicotomy                      
discovered                    dicovered                     
discovering                   dicovering                    
discovers                     dicovers                      
discovery                     dicovery                      
dying                         dieing                        
differences                   diferences                    
different                     difernt                       
difficulties                  dificulties                   
different                     difrent                       
dug                           digged                        
dilapidated                   dilipidated                   
dimensions                    dimenions                     
dimension                     dimention                     
dimensional                   dimentional                   
dimensions                    dimentions                    
diminution                    diminuation                   
diminutive                    diminuative                   
diminution                    diminuition                   
diminutive                    diminuitive                   
directly                      directlty                     
directions                    directoins                    
derived                       dirived                       
dissipate                     disapait                      
disapproval                   disaproval                    
disastrous                    disasterous                   
dissemination                 discimenation                 
discovered                    discoverd                     
described                     discribed                     
describing                    discribing                    
description                   discription                   
distinction                   disctinction                  
dissolved                     disolved                      
dispensed                     dispenced                     
dispensing                    dispencing                    
despite                       dispite                       
disappearance                 dissapearance                 
disarray                      dissarray                     
disappearing                  dissepearing                  
distinguishes                 distingishes                  
distribution                  distribusion                  
destruction                   distruction                   
device                        divice                        
divisions                     divisons                      
documents                     documnets                     
does                          doens                         
does                          doese                         
doing                         doign                         
doing                         doimg                         
doing                         doin                          
doing                         doind                         
doing                         donig                         
dormant                       dorment                       
doubly                        doublely                      
doubt                         dout                          
easily                        easeily                       
easily                        easly                         
easily                        easyly                        
executive                     eczecutive                    
edifice                       edfice                        
editing                       editting                      
efficiency                    effeciency                    
efficiency                    efficency                     
effort                        efort                         
efforts                       eforts                        
eighth                        eigth                         
electrically                  electricly                    
eliminated                    eleminated                    
eliminating                   eleminating                   
elicited                      elicided                      
eligibility                   eligability                   
eligible                      eligable                      
imbalance                     embalance                     
embezzled                     embezelled                    
immense                       emense                        
emission                      emision                       
immediately                   emmediately                   
emission                      emmision                      
emission                      emmission                     
emitted                       emmitted                      
emitting                      emmitting                     
emphasis                      empahsis                      
emphasize                     empahsize                     
impasse                       empass                        
impede                        empede                        
empirical                     emperical                     
impressed                     empressed                     
enhancement                   enchancement                  
encompass                     encompus                      
incorporate                   encorperate                   
incorporate                   encorporate                   
endure                        endur                         
enforcement                   enforcment                    
enlargement                   enlargment                    
enlargements                  enlargments                   
enormous                      enormass                      
intent                        entent                        
entrance                      enterence                     
entrances                     enterences                    
entrances                     entraces                      
enough                        enuf                          
environment                   enviorment                    
environmental                 enviormental                  
environmentally               enviormentally                
environments                  enviorments                   
environments                  enviornments                  
environments                  enviroments                   
invoke                        envoke                        
equipped                      eqiped                        
equipped                      eqipped                       
equivalent                    eqivalant                     
equivalents                   eqivalants                    
equivalent                    eqivalent                     
equivalents                   eqivalents                    
equivalent                    eqivelant                     
equivalents                   eqivelants                    
equivalent                    eqivelent                     
equivalents                   eqivelents                    
equivalent                    eqivilant                     
equivalents                   eqivilants                    
equivalent                    eqivilent                     
equivalents                   eqivilents                    
equilibrium                   equilibium                    
equilibrium                   equilibrum                    
equipped                      equiped                       
equipment                     equippment                    
equatorial                    equitorial                    
equivalent                    equivalant                    
equivalents                   equivalants                   
equivalent                    equivelant                    
equivalents                   equivelants                   
equivalent                    equivelent                    
equivalents                   equivelents                   
equivalent                    equivilant                    
equivalents                   equivilants                   
equivalent                    equivilent                    
equivalents                   equivilents                   
erratic                       eratic                        
erratically                   eraticly                      
isaan                         esam                          
essence                       essense                       
aesthetic                     esthetic                      
eventful                      eventfull                     
everything                    everythign                    
evidently                     evidentally                   
exaggerate                    exagerate                     
exaggerated                   exagerated                    
exaggerates                   exagerates                    
exaggerating                  exagerating                   
exaggerate                    exagerrate                    
exaggerated                   exagerrated                   
exaggerates                   exagerrates                   
exaggerating                  exagerrating                  
exasperated                   exasparated                   
executed                      excecuted                     
executing                     excecuting                    
execution                     excecution                    
exceeded                      excedded                      
excel                         excell                        
excels                        excells                       
exchanges                     exchagnes                     
excellent                     exelent                       
exacerbate                    exerbate                      
exacerbated                   exerbated                     
excerpt                       exerpt                        
excerpts                      exerpts                       
external                      exerternal                    
exchanges                     exhcanges                     
existent                      existant                      
experienced                   experianced                   
experienced                   experinced                    
explanation                   explaination                  
explanations                  explainations                 
explanation                   explination                   
exploit                       exploitate                    
experienced                   exprienced                    
exist                         exsist                        
existence                     exsistance                    
exerted                       extered                       
extraordinary                 extrodinary                   
extraordinarily               extrordinarily                
excerpt                       exurpt                        
eyes                          eyse                          
facilities                    facilaties                    
facility                      facilaty                      
facilitate                    faciliate                     
facilitated                   faciliated                    
facilities                    facilites                     
facilities                    facilties                     
fault                         falt                          
familiar                      familair                      
familiar                      familar                       
familiar                      familliar                     
familiar                      fammiliar                     
fahrenheit                    farenheit                     
fahrenheit                    farenheight                   
fasten                        fasen                         
fastened                      fasend                        
facade                        fasodd                        
fatigue                       fatig                         
favorite                      favorirte                     
feasibility                   feasability                   
feasible                      feasable                      
february                      febewary                      
fields                        feilds                        
french                        fench                         
vibrant                       fibrant                       
fix                           ficks                         
fictitious                    ficticious                    
fictitious                    fictious                      
fought                        fighted                       
figures                       figuers                       
filament                      filiament                     
filament                      fillement                     
filmmaker                     filmaker                      
filmmaking                    filmaking                     
financially                   financialy                    
finesse                       finess                        
finely                        finly                         
finesse                       finness                       
friends                       firends                       
first                         firts                         
flemish                       flemmish                      
flotation                     floatation                    
fluorescent                   floresent                     
fluoride                      floride                       
fluoride                      flouride                      
fluorine                      flourine                      
flood                         flud                          
focuses                       focusses                      
fooled                        foolded                       
forbade                       forbad                        
verbatim                      forbatum                      
foreboding                    forboding                     
forecast                      forcast                       
forecast                      forcasted                     
forecasts                     forcasts                      
forcibly                      forceably                     
forecast                      forecasted                    
foreign                       forin                         
fomalhaut                     formalhaut                    
formerly                      formely                       
foremost                      formost                       
forests                       forrests                      
foresee                       forsee                        
foreseeability                forseeability                 
foreseeable                   forseeable                    
foreseen                      forseen                       
foresight                     forsight                      
foretell                      fortell                       
fortress                      fortrice                      
forerunner                    forunner                      
found                         foudn                         
fought                        fougth                        
newfoundland                  foundland                     
forty                         fourty                        
from                          frae                          
friends                       freinds                       
friends                       frends                        
friendliness                  friendlyness                  
friends                       frinds                        
from                          frm                           
from                          frmo                          
from                          fron                          
fundamentals                  fundametals                   
futile                        futal                         
further                       futher                        
giants                        gaints                        
galactic                      galatic                       
gallery                       galery                        
guaranteed                    garanteed                     
guarantees                    garantees                     
guard                         gard                          
guaranteed                    gauranteed                    
guarantees                    gaurantees                    
guaranteed                    gaurenteed                    
guess                         gess                          
gyrated                       girated                       
gyrates                       girates                       
gyrating                      girating                      
gyration                      giration                      
geyser                        giser                         
glass                         glas                          
glasses                       glases                        
governor                      gouvener                      
governmental                  govermental                   
governments                   goverments                    
governor                      govoner                       
government                    govorment                     
governmental                  govormental                   
grammatically                 gramatically                  
grammatically                 grammaticaly                  
grammar                       grammer                       
growth                        groth                         
grotesque                     growtesk                      
groups                        gruops                        
grow                          grwo                          
guaranteed                    guarenteed                    
guess                         gues                          
guidance                      guidence                      
guidelines                    guidlines                     
guaranteed                    guranteed                     
guarantees                    gurantees                     
inhabitants                   habitants                     
habsburg                      habsbourg                     
halfway                       halfways                      
halted                        haltet                        
handiwork                     handywork                     
happens                       hapens                        
harasses                      harases                       
harassment                    harasment                     
harassments                   harasments                    
harass                        harras                        
harassed                      harrased                      
harasses                      harrases                      
harassing                     harrasing                     
harassment                    harrasment                    
harassments                   harrasments                   
harassed                      harrasses                     
harass                        harrassing                    
harassment                    harrassment                   
harassments                   harrassments                  
hawaii                        havaii                        
hazard                        hazerd                        
hazardous                     hazerdous                     
headquarter                   headquater                    
headquartered                 headquatered                  
heidelberg                    heidelburg                    
heighten                      heigthen                      
heightened                    heigthened                    
heights                       heigths                       
heighten                      heigthten                     
heightened                    heigthtened                   
hierarchy                     heirarchy                     
heighten                      heithten                      
heightened                    heithtened                    
hemisphere                    hemiphere                     
hindrance                     henderence                    
heighten                      hieghten                      
heightened                    hieghtened                    
heights                       hieghts                       
hierarchical                  hierachical                   
hierarchies                   hierachies                    
hierarchy                     hierachy                      
hierarchical                  hierarcical                   
hierarchy                     hierarcy                      
hiatus                        hietus                        
higher                        higer                         
highest                       higest                        
heighten                      highten                       
heightened                    highteneded                   
hindrance                     hinderance                    
hindrance                     hinderence                    
hindrance                     hindrence                     
hierarchy                     hirearcy                      
himself                       hismelf                       
histocompatibility            histocompatability            
historically                  historicaly                   
hit                           hitted                        
holistic                      hollistic                     
homogeneity                   homogenity                    
honorary                      honory                        
honorarium                    honourarium                   
honorary                      honourary                     
honorific                     honourific                    
they                          htey                          
think                         htikn                         
thing                         hting                         
http                          htp                           
humoral                       humoural                      
heuristic                     huristic                      
hiatus                        hyatus                        
hydrophilic                   hydropilic                    
hydrophobe                    hydropobe                     
hydrophobic                   hydropobic                    
ideas                         idaes                         
ideologies                    idealogies                    
idiosyncrasy                  ideosincracy                  
idiosyncratic                 ideosyncratic                 
ithaca                        ihaca                         
his                           ihs                           
illegal                       ilegle                        
illogical                     ilogical                      
illumination                  ilumination                   
immaturity                    imaturity                     
immediate                     imediate                      
immediately                   imediately                    
immediately                   imediatly                     
immense                       imense                        
immigrants                    imigrants                     
immediately                   immediatelly                  
immediately                   immediatley                   
immediately                   immediatly                    
immediate                     immediete                     
immediately                   immedietely                   
eminently                     immenantly                    
immediately                   immidately                    
immediate                     immidiate                     
immediately                   immidiately                   
imitating                     immitating                    
imitator                      immitator                     
immutable                     immuntable                    
impedance                     impedence                     
empiric                       imperic                       
empirically                   imperically                   
impression                    impession                     
impromptu                     impromtu                      
improvement                   improvemnt                    
improvisation                 improvision                   
improvement                   improvment                    
impugn                        impune                        
inaccessible                  inaccesabele                  
inaccessible                  inaccessabele                 
inaccessible                  inacesabel                    
inaccessible                  inacesabele                   
inaccessible                  inacesable                    
inaccessible                  inacesibel                    
inaccessible                  inacesibele                   
inaccessible                  inacesible                    
inaccessible                  inacessabel                   
inaccessible                  inacessabele                  
inaugurates                   inaugures                     
imbalanced                    inbalanced                    
embankment                    inbankment                    
incidentally                  incidently                    
incompatibilities             incompatabilities             
incompatibility               incompatability               
incompatible                  incompatable                  
incompatibilities             incompatablities              
incompatibility               incompatablity                
incompatibilities             incompatiblities              
incompatibility               incompatiblity                
incompetence                  incompetance                  
inconsistency                 inconsistancy                 
incorporation                 incorperation                 
incorruptible                 incorruptable                 
encourage                     incourage                     
incredibly                    incredably                    
incumbency                    incumbancy                    
incumbent                     incumbant                     
incunabula                    incunabla                     
independence                  indenpendence                 
independently                 indepedantly                  
independence                  indepedence                   
independence                  independance                  
independent                   independant                   
independence                  independece                   
endeavor                      indever                       
indicative                    indicitive                    
indisputable                  indisputible                  
indisputably                  indisputibly                  
endurance                     indurance                     
endure                        indure                        
inevitable                    inevatible                    
inevitable                    inevitible                    
inexhaustible                 inexhaustable                 
infantry                      infanty                       
inferable                     inferrable                    
infiltrate                    infilitrate                   
infiltrated                   infilitrated                  
influenced                    influented                    
infrastructure                infrastucture                 
indian                        inidan                        
initiation                    initation                     
includes                      inlcudes                      
innocence                     innosense                     
inundated                     innundated                    
inundation                    innundation                   
inseparable                   inseperable                   
inception                     insepsion                     
insistence                    insistance                    
insisting                     insiting                      
institution                   insitution                    
institutions                  insitutions                   
installations                 instalations                  
installed                     instaleld                     
instantiation                 instanciation                 
instantiation                 instanseation                 
instance                      instatance                    
instinct                      instict                       
ensue                         insue                         
interchangeable               interchangable                
interchangeably               interchangably                
interrelated                  interelated                   
interference                  interfearance                 
interference                  interferance                  
integral                      intergral                     
integrated                    intergrated                   
integration                   intergration                  
international                 internation                   
internationally               internationaly                
interpret                     interpet                      
interpret                     interpretate                  
interregnum                   interrugum                    
interim                       interrum                      
interruptible                 interruptable                 
entertaining                  intertaining                  
interim                       interum                       
interruption                  interuption                   
interval                      intervall                     
intervals                     intervalls                    
intersection                  intesection                   
intersections                 intesections                  
intrigue                      intreeg                       
interpretation                intrepetation                 
intriguing                    intruiging                    
interpretation                inturpratasion                
interpret                     inturprett                    
invitation                    invitiation                   
invocation                    invokation                    
involvement                   involvment                    
irrelevant                    irelevent                     
initial                       ititial                       
interests                     itnerests                     
jagged                        jagid                         
just                          jstu                          
judgment                      judgement                     
judgment                      jugment                       
journey                       jurny                         
kilometers                    kilometres                    
kilohm                        kiloohm                       
kilohms                       kiloohms                      
noxious                       knockous                      
knowledgeable                 knowlegable                   
know                          knwo                          
knows                         knwos                         
knows                         konws                         
labeled                       labelled                      
label                         lable                         
labeled                       labled                        
laborious                     labourious                    
languages                     laguages                      
largest                       larggest                      
largest                       largst                        
laid                          layed                         
laser                         lazer                         
lasers                        lazers                        
lenient                       leaneant                      
league                        leeg                          
leisurely                     leisurly                      
learns                        lerans                        
lexicon                       lexion                        
library                       libary                        
like                          liek                          
likelihood                    likelyhood                    
likelihood                    liklihood                     
limited                       limitated                     
licence                       liscence                      
literature                    litature                      
literally                     literaly                      
located                       loacted                       
loosely                       loosly                        
libya                         lybia                         
maintenance                   maintainance                  
maintenance                   maintainence                  
maintenance                   maintance                     
mentioned                     maintioned                    
makes                         makse                         
managed                       managged                      
manufacturing                 manufaturing                  
maneuver                      manuver                       
majority                      marjority                     
mars                          marz                          
matches                       matchs                        
mathematicians                matheticians                  
mathematicians                mathmaticians                 
matinee                       matinay                       
mechanism                     mechanisim                    
megohm                        megaohm                       
megohms                       megaohms                      
millennium                    melineum                      
messages                      mesages                       
measures                      mesures                       
metallurgic                   metalurgic                    
metallurgical                 metalurgical                  
metallurgy                    metalurgy                     
metamorphosis                 metamorphysis                 
meters                        metres                        
million                       milion                        
millions                      milions                       
minute                        minut                         
minutes                       minuts                        
miscellaneous                 miscelaneous                  
miscellaneous                 miscellanious                 
miscellaneous                 miscellanous                  
mischievous                   mischevus                     
misdemeanors                  misdemenors                   
miscellaneous                 miselaneous                   
misspell                      mispell                       
misspelled                    mispelled                     
misspelling                   mispelling                    
misspellings                  mispellings                   
mississippi                   missisipi                     
makes                         mkaes                         
moment                        moent                         
monitor                       moniter                       
monolithic                    monolite                      
months                        monthes                       
monotypic                     montypic                      
mosaic                        mosiac                        
mosaics                       mosiacs                       
maybe                         mybe                          
gnarled                       narled                        
necessarily                   necasarilly                   
necessarily                   necasarily                    
necessarily                   necaserilly                   
necessarily                   necaserily                    
necessary                     necasery                      
necessarily                   necassarilly                  
necessarily                   necassarily                   
necessarily                   necasserilly                  
necessarily                   necasserily                   
necessary                     necassery                     
necessarily                   neccasarilly                  
necessarily                   neccasarily                   
necessary                     neccasary                     
necessarily                   neccaserilly                  
necessarily                   neccaserily                   
necessary                     neccasery                     
necessarily                   neccassarilly                 
necessarily                   neccassarily                  
necessary                     neccassary                    
necessarily                   neccasserilly                 
necessarily                   neccasserily                  
necessary                     neccassery                    
necessarily                   neccesarilly                  
necessarily                   neccesarily                   
necessarily                   necceserilly                  
necessarily                   necceserily                   
necessities                   neccesities                   
necessity                     neccesity                     
necessarily                   neccessarilly                 
necessarily                   neccessarily                  
necessarily                   neccesserilly                 
necessarily                   neccesserily                  
necessities                   neccessities                  
necessity                     neccessity                    
necessarily                   necesarilly                   
necessarily                   necesarily                    
necessarily                   neceserilly                   
necessarily                   neceserily                    
necessities                   necesities                    
necessity                     necesity                      
necessarily                   necessarally                  
necessarily                   necessarilly                  
necessarily                   necesserilly                  
necessarily                   necesserily                   
negativity                    negitivity                    
negligible                    neglible                      
negligible                    negligable                    
negotiated                    negociated                    
negotiating                   negociating                   
negotiation                   negociation                   
negotiable                    negotable                     
negotiation                   negotation                    
negotiating                   negotiaing                    
neighbors                     neigbors                      
neighboring                   neighbouring                  
neighborhoods                 neihborhoods                  
necessary                     nessacary                     
necessarily                   nessasarily                   
necessary                     nessecary                     
nostalgia                     nestolgia                     
nuance                        newance                       
newly                         newely                        
pneumatic                     newmatic                      
pneumonia                     newmonia                      
nickel                        nickle                        
neither                       niether                       
nineteen                      ninteen                       
nineteenth                    ninteenth                     
ninety                        ninty                         
niche                         nitch                         
know                          nkwo                          
noisy                         noisey                        
nonetheless                   nontheless                    
northernmost                  norhernmost                   
northern                      northen                       
northeastern                  northereastern                
notable                       noteable                      
notably                       noteably                      
north                         noth                          
northern                      nothern                       
noticeable                    noticable                     
noticeably                    noticably                     
noticeable                    noticible                     
notorious                     notoreous                     
noteworthy                    notworthy                     
nothing                       nthng                         
neutral                       nuetral                       
neutrality                    nuetrality                    
nullarbor                     nullabour                     
numbers                       numers                        
nuremberg                     nuremburg                     
nothing                       nuthin                        
neutral                       nutral                        
never                         nver                          
now                           nwo                           
observation                   obervation                    
obsolescence                  obsolecence                   
obsolescence                  obsolecense                   
obsolescence                  obsolesence                   
obsolescence                  obsolesense                   
obstacle                      obstacal                      
obstacle                      obsticle                      
obvious                       obviuos                       
occasion                      ocasion                       
occasional                    ocasional                     
occasionally                  ocasionally                   
occasionally                  ocasionaly                    
occasioned                    ocasioned                     
occasions                     ocasions                      
occasion                      ocassion                      
occasional                    ocassional                    
occasionally                  ocassionally                  
occasioned                    ocassioned                    
occasions                     ocassions                     
occasionally                  occaisionally                 
occasionally                  occasionaly                   
occasion                      occassion                     
occasional                    occassional                   
occasionally                  occassionally                 
occasionally                  occassionaly                  
occasioned                    occassioned                   
occasions                     occassions                    
occasion                      occation                      
occasionally                  occationally                  
occurrence                    occurance                     
occurrences                   occurances                    
occurred                      occured                       
occurrence                    occurence                     
occurrences                   occurences                    
occurring                     occuring                      
occur                         occurr                        
occurrence                    occurrance                    
occurrences                   occurrances                   
oceanarium                    ocenarium                     
oscillate                     ocilate                       
octagonal                     octogonal                     
octahedra                     octohedra                     
octahedral                    octohedral                    
octahedron                    octohedron                    
countries                     ocuntries                     
country                       ocuntry                       
occur                         ocur                          
occur                         ocurr                         
occurrence                    ocurrance                     
occurred                      ocurred                       
occurrence                    ocurrence                     
operator                      oeprator                      
often                         offen                         
offered                       offerd                        
official                      offical                       
officially                    offically                     
officially                    officaly                      
officially                    officialy                     
offshoot                      offshot                       
often                         oftenly                       
omission                      omision                       
omitted                       omited                        
omitting                      omiting                       
omission                      ommision                      
omitted                       ommited                       
omitting                      ommiting                      
omitted                       ommitted                      
omitting                      ommitting                     
only                          onyl                          
opaque                        opayk                         
opened                        openend                       
opportunity                   opertunity                    
opinion                       opinyon                       
opponent                      oponent                       
opportunity                   oportunity                    
opposite                      oposite                       
opposites                     oposites                      
opposition                    oposition                     
opposite                      oppasite                      
opened                        oppened                       
opening                       oppening                      
operate                       opperate                      
operation                     opperation                    
opportunity                   oppertunity                   
opinion                       oppinion                      
opposite                      opposate                      
opposable                     opposible                     
opposite                      opposit                       
opposite                      oppisite                      
opportunities                 oppotunities                  
opportunity                   oppotunity                    
oppression                    opression                     
oppressive                    opressive                     
ordinance                     ordanance                     
organism                      organim                       
original                      orginal                       
originated                    orginated                     
organization                  orginization                  
organize                      orginize                      
organized                     orginized                     
originally                    originaly                     
originally                    originnally                   
original                      origional                     
originally                    orignally                     
original                      origonal                      
orthogonal                    orthagonal                    
orthogonally                  orthagonally                  
oscilloscope                  oscilliscope                  
output                        outputted                     
overshadowed                  overshaddowed                 
overrun                       overun                        
overwhelm                     overwelm                      
overwhelming                  overwelming                   
work                          owrk                          
would                         owudl                         
oxidant                       oxident                       
oxygen                        oxigen                        
oxymoron                      oximoron                      
oxygen                        oxyen                         
paid                          paide                         
paper                         papaer                        
paradigm                      paradime                      
paradigm                      paradym                       
parallel                      paralel                       
parallel                      paralell                      
parallelly                    paralelly                     
parallels                     paralels                      
parallelly                    paralely                      
parallel                      parallell                     
parallelly                    parallely                     
parenthesis                   paranthesis                   
particular                    parituclar                    
parallel                      parralel                      
parallel                      parralell                     
parallel                      parrallel                     
parallel                      parrallell                    
parallelly                    parrallelly                   
parallelly                    parrallely                    
partially                     parshally                     
partially                     partialy                      
participant                   particpant                    
participated                  particpated                   
particularly                  particularily                 
particularly                  particulary                   
particularly                  particullarly                 
particularly                  particullary                  
particularly                  paticularly                   
patented                      pattented                     
paid                          payed                         
payment                       paymetn                       
payments                      paymetns                      
peculiar                      peculure                      
pedestal                      pedistal                      
piece                         peice                         
pieces                        peices                        
pierce                        peirce                        
piercing                      peircing                      
penalty                       penatly                       
pennsylvania                  pennsilvania                  
pennsylvania                  pensylvania                   
perceived                     percepted                     
perceive                      percieve                      
perceived                     percieved                     
performance                   performace                    
performance                   performence                   
preferred                     perfurd                       
perhaps                       perhasp                       
perhaps                       perheaps                      
perhaps                       perhpas                       
permanent                     permanant                     
permanent                     permantent                    
permanent                     permenant                     
permanent                     perminent                     
permissible                   permissable                   
prerogative                   perogative                    
period                        peroid                        
periods                       peroids                       
personal                      peronal                       
prepare                       perpare                       
perhaps                       perphas                       
perpendicular                 perpindicular                 
perennial                     perrenial                     
precede                       perseed                       
preserve                      perserve                      
perseverance                  perserverance                 
persevere                     perservere                    
perseverance                  perserverence                 
perseverance                  perseverence                  
perseverant                   perseverent                   
pursue                        persew                        
persistence                   persistance                   
persistent                    persistant                    
person                        persne                        
personally                    personalyl                    
personnel                     personel                      
personnel                     personell                     
persona                       personna                      
personnel                     personnell                    
pursue                        persue                        
pursuing                      persuing                      
pursuit                       persuit                       
participate                   perticipate                   
pertinent                     pertinate                     
perturbation                  pertubation                   
perturbations                 pertubations                  
purview                       perview                       
pewter                        pewder                        
philadelphia                  philedelphia                  
philippines                   philipines                    
philippine                    phillipine                    
philippine                    phillippine                   
philippines                   phillippines                  
pitch                         pich                          
planned                       planed                        
plateau                       plattoe                       
pneumonic                     pneumonic                     
possession                    pocession                     
people                        poeple                        
popular                       polular                       
poor                          poore                         
population                    populaion                     
popularity                    popularaty                    
problem                       porblem                       
problems                      porblems                      
peripheral                    poriferal                     
propensity                    porpensity                    
porcelain                     porsalin                      
portrayal                     portrail                      
portuguese                    portugeese                    
portuguese                    portugese                     
provide                       porvide                       
possess                       posess                        
possessed                     posessed                      
possesses                     posesses                      
possessing                    posessing                     
possession                    posession                     
possessions                   posessions                    
position                      posistion                     
postpone                      pospone                       
possible                      possable                      
possibly                      possably                      
possess                       posses                        
possesses                     posseses                      
possessing                    possesing                     
possession                    possesion                     
possessions                   possesions                    
possibility                   possibilty                    
possibly                      possibily                     
position                      possition                     
potsdam                       postdam                       
position                      postion                       
position                      postition                     
posthumous                    postuminus                    
posthumous                    postumus                      
potentially                   potentialy                    
powerful                      powerfull                     
practical                     practial                      
practically                   practially                    
practically                   practicaly                    
practitioner                  practicianer                  
practitioner                  practicioner                  
practitioners                 practicioners                 
practically                   practicly                     
practitioner                  practioner                    
practitioners                 practioners                   
practice                      pratice                       
preamble                      preample                      
predecessor                   precedessor                   
precede                       preceed                       
preceded                      preceeded                     
preceding                     preceeding                    
precedes                      preceeds                      
precursor                     precurser                     
predominantly                 predomiantly                  
predominantly                 predominately                 
prefecture                    prefacture                    
preference                    preferance                    
preferred                     prefered                      
preferring                    prefering                     
preferable                    preferrable                   
preferably                    preferrably                   
preferred                     preffered                     
proficiency                   preficiency                   
proficient                    preficient                    
perform                       preform                       
perhaps                       prehaps                       
prejudice                     prejudgudice                  
premiered                     premeired                     
premillennial                 premillenial                  
premises                      premisis                      
permission                    premission                    
premonstratensians            premonasterians               
prepare                       prepair                       
preparation                   prepartion                    
preparatory                   prepatory                     
preparation                   preperation                   
preparations                  preperations                  
preparatory                   preperatory                   
presence                      presance                      
presence                      presense                      
pristine                      prestine                      
presumably                    presumibly                    
prevalence                    prevelance                    
prevalent                     prevelant                     
prevention                    preventation                  
previous                      previvous                     
program                       prgram                        
programming                   prgrmmng                      
principal                     pricipal                      
principle                     priciple                      
primarily                     primarly                      
primitive                     primative                     
primitively                   primatively                   
primitives                    primatives                    
primeval                      primevil                      
primordial                    primordal                     
principal                     principial                    
principally                   principly                     
princeton                     princton                      
principal                     prinicipal                    
pristine                      pristene                      
private                       privat                        
privilege                     priveledge                    
privileges                    priveledges                   
privilege                     privelege                     
privileged                    priveleged                    
privileges                    priveleges                    
privilege                     privelidge                    
privilege                     privelige                     
privileged                    priveliged                    
privileges                    priveliges                    
privilege                     privilage                     
privilege                     priviledge                    
privileges                    priviledges                   
privilege                     privilidge                    
privilege                     privilige                     
privilege                     privledge                     
probably                      probabaly                     
probably                      probablly                     
probability                   probalibity                   
probably                      probaly                       
problem                       probelm                       
problems                      probelms                      
problem                       problen                       
problems                      problens                      
process                       proccess                      
processing                    proccessing                   
proceed                       procede                       
procedure                     procedger                     
proceeding                    proceding                     
proceedings                   procedings                    
procedure                     proceedure                    
proclaimed                    proclamed                     
proclaiming                   proclaming                    
proclamation                  proclimation                  
proclamation                  proclomation                  
product                       produc                        
products                      producs                       
proficient                    profecient                    
professor                     profesor                      
profession                    proffesion                    
professional                  proffesional                  
professor                     proffesor                     
prolific                      profilic                      
programmable                  programable                   
program                       programm                      
program                       programme                     
prominence                    prominance                    
prominent                     prominant                     
prominently                   prominantly                   
prominent                     prominate                     
probably                      propably                      
proprietary                   propietary                    
propaganda                    propoganda                    
propagate                     propogate                     
propagated                    propogated                    
propagates                    propogates                    
propagating                   propogating                   
propagation                   propogation                   
propagator                    propogator                    
proportions                   propotions                    
proper                        propper                       
proprietary                   propreitory                   
proprietary                   propriatery                   
proprietor                    proprieter                    
proprietary                   proprietory                   
protocol                      protocal                      
protocol                      protocall                     
portrayed                     protrayed                     
provided                      provded                       
province                      provice                       
proximity                     proximaty                     
proximity                     proximety                     
propensity                    prpensity                     
position                      psoition                      
pseudo                        psuedo                        
progress                      ptogress                      
purposely                     purposedly                    
persuade                      pursuade                      
persuaded                     pursuaded                     
persuades                     pursuades                     
pertain                       purtain                       
persuading                    pususading                    
putting                       puting                        
power                         pwoer                         
quadruple                     quadroople                    
qualitative                   qualitatative                 
quandary                      quandry                       
quantity                      quanity                       
quantity                      quantaty                      
quantity                      quantitiy                     
quarantine                    quarantaine                   
quarter                       quater                        
quarterly                     quaterly                      
quarters                      quaters                       
question                      quesion                       
questions                     quesions                      
questions                     questioms                     
questions                     questiosn                     
question                      questoin                      
question                      quetion                       
questions                     quetions                      
quickly                       quicklyu                      
quietly                       quitely                       
quotient                      quotion                       
radius                        radeus                        
rarely                        rarley                        
release                       realease                      
released                      realeased                     
realistically                 realisticaly                  
related                       realted                       
relative                      realtive                      
relatively                    realtively                    
relativistic                  realtivistic                  
rebuttal                      rebuttle                      
recommend                     reccomend                     
recommendation                reccomendation                
recommendations               reccomendations               
recommended                   reccomended                   
recommending                  reccomending                  
recommends                    reccomends                    
recommend                     reccommend                    
recommended                   reccommended                  
recommending                  reccommending                 
recurring                     reccuring                     
recede                        receed                        
receded                       receeded                      
receding                      receeding                     
receive                       receieve                      
reside                        recide                        
resided                       recided                       
resident                      recident                      
residents                     recidents                     
residing                      reciding                      
receipt                       reciept                       
receipts                      reciepts                      
receive                       recieve                       
received                      recieved                      
receiver                      reciever                      
receivers                     recievers                     
receives                      recieves                      
receiving                     recieving                     
recognise                     recogise                      
recognize                     recogize                      
recommend                     recomend                      
recommendable                 recomendable                  
recommendation                recomendation                 
recommendations               recomendations                
recommended                   recomended                    
recommending                  recomending                   
recommends                    recomends                     
recommend                     recommand                     
recommends                    recommands                    
recommended                   recommented                   
recognize                     reconize                      
required                      recquired                     
record                        recrod                        
recruit                       recroot                       
recruited                     recruted                      
reckoned                      recund                        
recurrence                    recurrance                    
recurrent                     recurrant                     
reducible                     reduceable                    
referral                      referal                       
referred                      refered                       
referring                     refering                      
refers                        referrs                       
referred                      reffered                      
reference                     refference                    
refrigeration                 refridgeration                
refrigerator                  refridgerator                 
refusal                       refusla                       
regular                       regluar                       
regardless                    reguardless                   
regularly                     reguarly                      
regularly                     regularily                    
regularly                     regulary                      
rehearsal                     rehearsel                     
rehearsal                     rehersal                      
renown                        reknown                       
renowned                      reknowned                     
real                          rela                          
relegate                      relagate                      
relegated                     relagated                     
relationship                  relatiopnship                 
relatively                    relativly                     
relevant                      relavant                      
relevant                      relavent                      
relief                        releaf                        
relieve                       releive                       
relieved                      releived                      
relevance                     relevence                     
relevant                      relevent                      
relic                         relict                        
relics                        relicts                       
relatively                    relitively                    
realization                   relization                    
realize                       relize                        
realm                         relm                          
reluctant                     reluctent                     
remainder                     remainer                      
remaining                     remaing                       
remaining                     remainging                    
remnant                       remanant                      
remnants                      remanants                     
remain                        remane                        
remaining                     remaning                      
remember                      rember                        
remember                      remeber                       
remembrance                   rememberance                  
remembrance                   remembrence                   
remnant                       remenant                      
remnants                      remenants                     
remnant                       remenent                      
remnants                      remenents                     
reminisce                     remeniss                      
remnant                       reminent                      
reminiscent                   reminescent                   
reminiscent                   reminicent                    
reminiscent                   reminisent                    
remnants                      remnance                      
rendezvous                    rendevous                     
renaissance                   renisance                     
renaissance                   rennaisance                   
renown                        renoun                        
recommend                     reommend                      
repertoire                    repatwar                      
repellent                     repelant                      
repellent                     repellant                     
replies                       repies                        
replenish                     replentish                    
response                      reponse                       
responsible                   reponsible                    
rapport                       repore                        
representatives               representativs                
representative                representive                  
representatives               representives                 
represented                   represetned                   
represent                     represnt                      
republic                      repubic                       
requiem                       requeum                       
resemblance                   resembelance                  
resemblance                   resemblence                   
research                      reserach                      
reservoir                     reservior                     
reservoirs                    reserviors                    
reservoir                     reservor                      
reservoir                     resevior                      
reservoirs                    reseviors                     
reservoir                     resevoir                      
reservoirs                    resevoirs                     
residence                     residance                     
resident                      residant                      
residents                     residants                     
resistible                    resistable                    
resistance                    resistence                    
resistant                     resistent                     
reservoir                     resivwar                      
resolution                    resollution                   
reason                        reson                         
reasonable                    resonable                     
resources                     resorces                      
recourses                     resourses                     
respond                       respomd                       
response                      respomse                      
response                      responce                      
responsibility                responnsibilty                
responsibility                responsability                
responsible                   responsable                   
responsible                   responsibile                  
responsibility                responsiblity                 
responsible                   resposible                    
resemblance                   ressemblance                  
resemble                      ressemble                     
resembled                     ressembled                    
resemblance                   ressemblence                  
resembling                    ressembling                   
resort                        ressort                       
restoration                   restauration                  
resurrecting                  resurecting                   
resurgence                    resurgance                    
retaliated                    retalitated                   
retaliation                   retalitation                  
rather                        rether                        
retinue                       retinew                       
rhetoric                      retoric                       
rhetorical                    retorical                     
result                        reult                         
reevaluated                   revaluated                    
review                        reveiw                        
reviewing                     reveiwing                     
relevance                     revelance                     
relevant                      revelant                      
reverence                     reverance                     
reverend                      reverand                      
reverent                      reverant                      
reversible                    reversable                    
revolutionary                 revolutionar                  
rewrite                       rewriet                       
ricochet                      rickoshay                     
ridge                         rige                          
rigueur                       rigeur                        
rigorous                      rigourous                     
rigorously                    rigourously                   
reminisce                     rimaniss                      
reminiscent                   riminicent                    
ringing                       rininging                     
riddled                       rittled                       
rendezvous                    rondayvoo                     
rudimentary                   rudimentry                    
ruin                          ruine                         
ruins                         ruines                        
rule                          rulle                         
ruled                         rulled                        
rheumatic                     rumatic                       
russian                       russina                       
russian                       russion                       
write                         rwite                         
second                        sacond                        
safety                        saftey                        
safety                        safty                         
sapphire                      saphire                       
satellite                     satelite                      
satellites                    satelites                     
satellite                     satilite                      
satellite                     sattelite                     
satellites                    sattelites                    
satellite                     sattellite                    
severe                        savere                        
savvy                         savy                          
scalable                      scaleable                     
scandinavia                   scandanavia                   
schedule                      scedule                       
scheduled                     sceduled                      
scenario                      scenaireo                     
scenery                       scenary                       
sense                         scence                        
schedule                      schedual                      
script                        scirpt                        
scroll                        scoll                         
search                        seach                         
searched                      seached                       
searches                      seaches                       
secondary                     seconday                      
section                       sectino                       
sidereal                      sedereal                      
selection                     selction                      
selection                     selectoin                     
scenario                      senaireo                      
scenario                      senarreo                      
sense                         sence                         
sensible                      sensable                      
sentence                      sentance                      
second                        seond                         
separate                      separeate                     
separate                      seperate                      
separated                     seperated                     
separately                    seperately                    
separates                     seperates                     
separating                    seperating                    
separation                    seperation                    
search                        serach                        
circumstances                 sercumstances                 
serious                       sereous                       
series                        serieses                      
service                       serivce                       
serviced                      serivced                      
several                       serveral                      
several                       severeal                      
shadow                        shaddow                       
school                        shcool                        
shield                        sheild                        
shining                       shineing                      
shipped                       shiped                        
shoulder                      sholder                       
showing                       showinf                       
shredded                      shreded                       
sure                          shur                          
sure                          shure                         
succinctly                    sicinctly                     
since                         sicne                         
sidereal                      sideral                       
significant                   signifacnt                    
significantly                 signifantly                   
significantly                 significently                 
significant                   signifigant                   
sight                         sigth                         
sights                        sigths                        
syllabus                      sillybus                      
silhouette                    silowet                       
similar                       simalar                       
symmetric                     simetric                      
similarly                     similarily                    
similar                       similiar                      
similarity                    similiarity                   
similar                       simmilar                      
similarly                     simmilarly                    
simply                        simpley                       
simpler                       simplier                      
simply                        simpyl                        
similar                       simular                       
simultaneous                  simultanous                   
sincerely                     sincerley                     
sincerely                     sincerly                      
serious                       sirious                       
surveillance                  sirvaylence                   
situate                       sitaute                       
situated                      sitauted                      
still                         sitll                         
sieve                         sive                          
scandinavia                   skandinavia                   
skills                        skillz                        
school                        skool                         
sleeve                        sleave                        
slid                          slided                        
slippery                      slipperly                     
smooth                        smoothe                       
smooths                       smoothes                      
software                      sofware                       
show                          sohw                          
solely                        soley                         
solitaire                     solitare                      
soluble                       soluable                      
something                     somethign                     
something                     someting                      
somewhat                      somewaht                      
something                     somthing                      
sometimes                     somtimes                      
somewhere                     somwhere                      
sophisticated                 sophicated                    
sophomore                     sophmore                      
story                         sotry                         
sound                         soudn                         
sounds                        soudns                        
should                        sould                         
surround                      sourond                       
surrounding                   souronding                    
surround                      sourrond                      
surrounding                   sourronding                   
surrounding                   sourrounding                  
south                         sourth                        
southern                      sourthern                     
southeast                     southest                      
southeast                     southheast                    
spatial                       spacial                       
spanish                       spainish                      
specifically                  specificaly                   
specifically                  specificalyl                  
specimen                      speciman                      
spectacular                   spectactular                  
spectacular                   spectauclar                   
special                       speshal                       
specific                      spicific                      
split                         splitted                      
spontaneous                   spontanious                   
spontaneous                   spontanous                    
sponsored                     sponzored                     
spread                        spreaded                      
square                        sqaure                        
standards                     standars                      
strange                       stange                        
strategic                     startegic                     
strategies                    startegies                    
strategy                      startegy                      
statement                     statment                      
statements                    statments                     
stringent                     stingent                      
stand                         stnad                         
stochastic                    stocastic                     
story                         stopry                        
stories                       storeis                       
stories                       storise                       
strongest                     stornegst                     
strong                        storng                        
story                         stoyr                         
stop                          stpo                          
strategies                    stradegies                    
strategy                      stradegy                      
strand                        stran                         
streets                       streest                       
strengthen                    strenghen                     
strengthened                  strenghened                   
strengthening                 strenghening                  
strength                      strenght                      
strengthen                    strenghten                    
strengthened                  strenghtened                  
strengthening                 strenghtening                 
strenuous                     strenous                      
strength                      strentgh                      
strictest                     strictist                     
straight                      stright                       
struck                        striked                       
strand                        strnad                        
story                         stroy                         
structure                     structer                      
structure                     structue                      
struggle                      struggel                      
struggle                      strugle                       
stubbornness                  stubborness                   
structure                     stucture                      
structured                    stuctured                     
study                         studdy                        
studying                      studing                       
student                       studnet                       
stunning                      stuning                       
subcategories                 subcatagories                 
subcategory                   subcatagory                   
subconscious                  subconchus                    
subconscious                  subconcious                   
subject                       subjetc                       
subsequent                    subseqent                     
subsidiary                    subsidary                     
subsidiary                    subsiduary                    
substance                     substace                      
substantial                   substancial                   
substantial                   substatial                    
substitute                    substitude                    
subtract                      substract                     
subtracted                    substracted                   
subtracting                   substracting                  
subtraction                   substraction                  
subtracts                     substracts                    
succeeded                     succeded                      
success                       succes                        
successful                    succesful                     
successfully                  succesfully                   
successfully                  succesfuly                    
succession                    succesion                     
successive                    succesive                     
successful                    successfull                   
successfully                  successfuly                   
successfully                  successfulyl                  
succeed                       suceed                        
succeeded                     suceeded                      
succeeding                    suceeding                     
succeeds                      suceeds                       
successful                    sucesful                      
successfully                  sucesfully                    
successfully                  sucesfuly                     
succession                    sucesion                      
success                       sucess                        
successes                     sucesses                      
successful                    sucessful                     
successful                    sucessfull                    
successfully                  sucessfully                   
successfully                  sucessfuly                    
succession                    sucession                     
successive                    sucessive                     
succumb                       sucome                        
succeed                       sucsede                       
sufficient                    suffcient                     
sufficiently                  suffciently                   
suffrage                      sufferage                     
sufficient                    sufficent                     
sufficiently                  sufficently                   
sufficient                    sufficiant                    
sophisticated                 suffisticated                 
summary                       sumary                        
superseded                    superceded                    
supersedes                    supercedes                    
superseding                   superceding                   
supersede                     superceed                     
superseded                    superceeded                   
supersession                  supercession                  
superfluous                   superfulous                   
supersede                     superseed                     
sophisticated                 suphisticated                 
supplement                    suplement                     
suppose                       supose                        
supposed                      suposed                       
supposedly                    suposedly                     
supposes                      suposes                       
supposing                     suposing                      
supplement                    suppliment                    
supposed                      suppossed                     
supply                        suppy                         
suppress                      supress                       
suppressed                    supressed                     
suppresses                    supresses                     
suppressing                   supressing                    
surprise                      suprise                       
surprised                     suprised                      
surprising                    suprising                     
surprisingly                  suprisingly                   
surprise                      suprize                       
surprised                     suprized                      
surprising                    suprizing                     
surprisingly                  suprizingly                   
surname                       surename                      
surround                      surond                        
surrounding                   suronding                     
surround                      suround                       
surrounded                    surounded                     
surrounding                   surounding                    
surroundings                  suroundings                   
surrounds                     surounds                      
supplanted                    surplanted                    
suppress                      surpress                      
suppressed                    surpressed                    
surprise                      surprize                      
surprised                     surprized                     
surprising                    surprizing                    
surprisingly                  surprizingly                  
surreptitious                 surrepetitious                
surreptitiously               surrepetitiously              
surreptitious                 surreptious                   
surreptitiously               surreptiously                 
surround                      surrond                       
surrounding                   surronding                    
surrendering                  surrundering                  
surveil                       surveill                      
surveyor                      surveyer                      
survivor                      surviver                      
survivors                     survivers                     
susceptible                   suseptable                    
susceptible                   suseptible                    
succinctly                    susincly                      
succinct                      susinkt                       
suspicion                     suspision                     
succinct                      sussinct                      
subtle                        suttle                        
swept                         sweeped                       
swept                         sweept                        
switzerland                   switerland                    
style                         syle                          
syllable                      sylibol                       
symmetric                     symetric                      
symmetrically                 symetrically                  
symmetry                      symetry                       
symmetric                     symmetral                     
symmetrically                 symmetricaly                  
synonymous                    synonomous                    
talked                        talekd                        
talking                       talkign                       
targeted                      targetted                     
targeting                     targetting                    
talk                          tawk                          
taught                        teached                       
technician                    techician                     
technicians                   techicians                    
technique                     techneek                      
technician                    technition                    
technical                     tecnical                      
tedious                       tedeous                       
they                          tehy                          
temperature                   temerature                    
temperatures                  temeratures                   
temperate                     temparate                     
temporary                     temperary                     
temperature                   temperture                    
temperature                   tempoerature                  
temperature                   tempurture                    
temptation                    temtation                     
tentacle                      tenacle                       
tentacles                     tenacles                      
tendencies                    tendancies                    
tendency                      tendancy                      
terrace                       terace                        
terrific                      terific                       
territory                     teritory                      
turmoil                       termoil                       
terrible                      terrable                      
terrestrial                   terrestial                    
territories                   terriories                    
territory                     terriory                      
thanks                        thansk                        
there                         theer                         
thereafter                    theerafter                    
theory                        theery                        
there                         ther                          
thereby                       therby                        
theorem                       therem                        
their                         theri                         
theoretical                   theroretical                  
thing                         thign                         
things                        thigns                        
things                        thigsn                        
think                         thikn                         
thinks                        thikns                        
think                         thimk                         
thirtieth                     thirtyth                      
than                          thna                          
then                          thne                          
thing                         thnig                         
things                        thnigs                        
thought                       thoguht                       
thought                       thougth                       
threatened                    threatend                     
threshold                     threshhold                    
thresholds                    threshholds                   
third                         thrid                         
through                       throug                        
thoroughfare                  throughfare                   
thoroughly                    throughly                     
throughout                    throughtout                   
through                       throuhg                       
thrust                        thrusted                      
thursday                      thrsday                       
think                         tihkn                         
time                          timne                         
together                      tiogether                     
typical                       tipic                         
typical                       tipical                       
typical                       tipycal                       
the                           tje                           
the                           teh                           
take                          tkae                          
takes                         tkaes                         
taking                        tkaing                        
talking                       tlaking                       
today                         todya                         
together                      togehter                      
tolerance                     tolerence                     
tomorrow                      tommorow                      
tomorrow                      tommorrow                     
tomorrow                      tomorow                       
tonight                       tongiht                       
tonight                       tonihgt                       
toroidal                      toriodal                      
torque                        tork                          
toward                        towrad                        
traditionally                 traditionaly                  
traditionally                 traditionalyl                 
traditional                   traditionnal                  
trauma                        trama                         
transcendent                  trancendent                   
transcending                  trancending                   
transform                     tranform                      
transformed                   tranformed                    
transport                     tranport                      
transcendence                 transcendance                 
transcendent                  transcendant                  
transcendental                transcendentational           
transept                      transcept                     
transcending                  transending                   
transferred                   transfered                    
transferring                  transfering                   
transistor                    transister                    
transition                    transistion                   
transistor                    transitor                     
translator                    translater                    
translators                   translaters                   
transmission                  transmision                   
transmissible                 transmissable                 
transparent                   transparenet                  
transcend                     transsend                     
translate                     traslate                      
translated                    traslated                     
transport                     trasport                      
transportation                trasportation                 
traveling                     travelling                    
threshold                     treshold                      
trigonometric                 trignametric                  
truly                         truely                        
truly                         truley                        
trustworthiness               trustworthyness               
tried                         tryed                         
tries                         trys                          
the                           tthe                          
terrain                       turain                        
tucson                        tuscon                        
twelfth                       twelth                        
typical                       typcial                       
typical                       typic                         
typically                     typicaly                      
ubiquitous                    ubiqitous                     
ubiquitous                    ubiquitious                   
understand                    udnerstand                    
ukraine                       ukrane                        
inaccessible                  unaccesabel                   
inaccessible                  unaccesabele                  
inaccessible                  unaccesable                   
inaccessible                  unaccesibel                   
inaccessible                  unaccesibele                  
inaccessible                  unaccesible                   
inaccessible                  unaccessabel                  
inaccessible                  unaccessabele                 
inaccessible                  unaccessable                  
inaccessible                  unaccessibel                  
inaccessible                  unaccessibele                 
inaccessible                  unaccessible                  
inaccessible                  unacesabel                    
inaccessible                  unacesabele                   
inaccessible                  unacesable                    
inaccessible                  unacesibel                    
inaccessible                  unacesibele                   
inaccessible                  unacesible                    
inaccessible                  unacessabel                   
inaccessible                  unacessabele                  
inaccessible                  unacessable                   
inaccessible                  unacessibel                   
inaccessible                  unacessibele                  
inaccessible                  unacessible                   
unanimous                     unannomus                     
incautious                    uncautious                    
uncertainty                   uncertainity                  
unconscious                   unconcious                    
unconsciousness               unconciousness                
unconventional                unconvential                  
undecidable                   undecideable                  
underground                   undergound                    
understand                    understnad                    
understand                    undertand                     
undesirable                   undesireable                  
underdevelopment              undevelopment                 
unduly                        unduely                       
unnecessary                   unecessary                    
unaffected                    uneffected                    
unexceptional                 unexeceptional                
unfeasible                    unfeasable                    
unforgettable                 unforgetable                  
unilateral                    unilatreal                    
unilaterally                  unilatreally                  
universities                  univeristies                  
university                    univeristy                    
universities                  universties                   
universities                  univesities                   
university                    univesity                     
unlabeled                     unlabled                      
unlike                        unliek                        
unlikely                      unlikley                      
unmistakably                  unmistakeably                 
unnecessarily                 unneccesarily                 
unnecessary                   unneccesary                   
unnecessarily                 unneccessarily                
unnecessary                   unneccessary                  
unnecessarily                 unnecesarily                  
unnecessary                   unnecesary                    
unnoticeable                  unoticeable                   
unpleasant                    unpleasent                    
unpleasantly                  unpleasently                  
unpleasant                    unplesant                     
unrepentant                   unrepentent                   
unsubstantiated               unsubstanciated               
unsuccessful                  unsuccessfull                 
unsuccessful                  unsucesful                    
unsuccessfully                unsucesfuly                   
unsuccessful                  unsucessfull                  
unsuccessfully                unsucessfully                 
unsurprised                   unsuprised                    
unsurprising                  unsuprising                   
unsurprisingly                unsuprisingly                 
unsurprised                   unsuprized                    
unsurprising                  unsuprizing                   
unsurprisingly                unsuprizingly                 
unsurprised                   unsurprized                   
unsurprising                  unsurprizing                  
unsurprisingly                unsurprizingly                
until                         untill                        
untranslatable                untranslateable               
universities                  unviersities                  
university                    unviersity                    
university                    unviersty                     
unwieldy                      unweildly                     
unwieldy                      unwieldly                     
uphill                        uphil                         
usually                       usally                        
usage                         useage                        
useful                        usefull                       
usefully                      usefuly                       
using                         useing                        
usability                     usibility                     
usual                         usuall                        
usually                       usualy                        
usually                       usualyl                       
utilized                      utilizied                     
vacuum                        vaccum                        
vacuum                        vaccume                       
vicinity                      vacinity                      
vacuum                        vacume                        
valuable                      valuble                       
valuables                     valubles                      
valuable                      valueable                     
valuables                     valueables                    
vancouver                     vancover                      
varieties                     variaties                     
variety                       variaty                       
varieties                     variatys                      
variant                       varient                       
varieties                     varietys                      
verification                  varification                  
varieties                     varities                      
variety                       varity                        
various                       varous                        
view                          veiw                          
views                         veiws                         
vendor                        vender                        
vendors                       venders                       
ventilate                     ventillate                    
vignette                      venyet                        
verbiage                      verbage                       
verbatim                      verbatum                      
virtue                        verchew                       
verification                  verfication                   
variation                     veriasion                     
version                       verison                       
versions                      verisons                      
versatile                     versital                      
versatile                     versitle                      
between                       vetween                       
victim                        victum                        
vigilance                     vigilence                     
vigilant                      vigilent                      
vigorous                      vigourous                     
vicinity                      vincinity                     
vignette                      vinyet                        
virginia                      virgina                       
virtually                     virtualyl                     
visibility                    visability                    
visible                       visable                       
visibly                       visably                       
vitiate                       visheate                      
vicious                       vishus                        
visit                         vist                          
visitation                    vistation                     
visiting                      visting                       
visitor                       vistor                        
visitors                      vistors                       
visualization                 visualisation                 
virtually                     vitually                      
volcano                       volcan                        
volcano                       volcanoe                      
volcanoes                     volcanos                      
color                         volor                         
volcano                       vulcano                       
volcanoes                     vulcanoes                     
volcanoes                     vulcanos                      
vulnerable                    vulnerible                    
vulnerable                    vunerable                     
wary                          warey                         
warrant                       warrent                       
want                          watn                          
wealthy                       weathly                       
wield                         weild                         
wielded                       weilded                       
wielding                      weilding                      
wednesday                     wendsay                       
wednesday                     wendsday                      
wednesday                     wensday                       
want                          whant                         
wants                         whants                        
where                         whare                         
weather                       wheater                       
weather                       wheather                      
went                          whent                         
where                         wher                          
whereas                       wheras                        
wherever                      whereever                     
where                         wherre                        
while                         whilst                        
with                          whit                          
with                          whith                         
whose                         whoes                         
wholly                        wholely                       
wholly                        wholey                        
holistic                      wholistic                     
wholly                        wholley                       
where                         whre                          
what                          whta                          
which                         wich                          
weird                         wierd                         
with                          wiht                          
writing                       wirting                       
wisconsin                     wisconson                     
withdrawal                    withdrawl                     
withhold                      withold                       
whizzing                      wizzing                       
wants                         wnats                         
who                           woh                           
whole                         wohle                         
work                          wokr                          
working                       wokring                       
wonderful                     wonderfull                    
wondrous                      wonderous                     
wonderful                     worderfull                    
worsened                      worstened                     
worsening                     worstening                    
worthwhile                    worthwile                     
would                         woud                          
would                         woudl                         
wrestle                       wressel                       
write                         wriet                         
writable                      writeable                     
written                       writen                        
writing                       writting                      
worldwide                     wrldwide                      
wrote                         wroet                         
yourself                      yerself                       
yourself                      yoruself                      
absorbent                     absorbant                     
working                       wroking                       
written                       wroten                        
wonderful                     wunderful                     
support                       wupport                       
years                         yeasr                         
yield                         yeild                         
yellow                        yello                         
yellow                        yelow                         
year                          yera                          
years                         yeras                         
younger                       yuonger                       
zinc                          zink                          
